Some documentation: api, manual (#4114)
ocaml/opam: doc/pages/FAQ.md

The file format is human-readable, so you are free to edit the file before doing
the `import` if you need to customise the installation.

### 🐫 How to share my working switch setup for a specific package ?

When working on a project, it is sometimes needed to share a set of
dependencies that you know (locally) the project is working with. You can share
this set by generating a _locked_ opam file. Ths is easil done by the [`lock`
command](man/opam-lock.html): it creates an opam file with a `depends:` field
populated with all dependencies, at their exact version in the current

> (working) switch. You just have to share this _locked_ opam file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(working) switch. You can then share this `opam.locked` file, or check it
in your version-control system.
```
